"has a massive headache "
"has a mild left inner ear infection.. and its got this irritating “
"has a stupid stomach ache and fever "
"has hayfever  and can't be arsed with being grounded. i hate it."
"has hurt her ankle!! and is going to the dr "
"has just got home with a headache and a lot of worries  http://plurk.com/p/y4i9y"
"has lost his ring. It's no-where to be seen "
"Has now gotten somebody to read his tweets, but cant get them to make an account. "
"has the worst sinus headache "
"hates waiting for mails "
"have a really sore throat and i think i also have a fever  not good"
"Have to log out , I have a terrible headache....see you in a while "
"Having an issue installing 3.0 as my iPhone refuses to backup   Then again, I've not been able to get it to backup for months."
"having an upstairs downstairs fight over the sky+ with my step dad. i want oprah and he want's have i got news for you.... he won "
"Having problems setting up Cairo Dock on Ubuntu  Some of the cairo themes I saw on youtube look awesome!"
"Hayfever S.O.S.! Forget about Xyzall, Zyrtec, Aerius or Allerfre. Who's got stuff that WORKS for me? I'm dying out here (esp. my eyes)... "
"Hayfever time  not good!"
"headache  i still wait my DVD... I need McFly!!!"
"Headache and yardwork = miserable hell "
"Headache, bed, work in the morning, then busy all day tomorrow. "
"Heard my baby is running a fever and not feeling good. Wishing I was home. "
"Heard the sad news. I suppose no more Lebron v. Kobe commercials "
"heartbroken over little sandra. prayers are with the family. "
"Hello Twitters! Sorry I've been MIA, sitting @ the airport in Rome, getting ready  to leave  for London!  I'm so going to miss it here!"
"Herpes be gone! Bet quote of the night, "
"hey, I actually won one of my bracket pools! Too bad it wasn't the one for money "
"Hi there folks, hope you're having a great day "
"Highly upset that I missed Buck. In other news, I also have a headache. BOO. "
"hiia people, im new on this please be nice im going though a ruff time with my nan whos dieing of cancer   xXx"
"Hmm im usually dead right about night...ugh skool monday...looong spring/easter break ugh no more oprah ellen or kathie lee and hoda.  "
"Hmm im usually dead rite now...ugh skool monday..no more oprah ellen or kathie lee and hoda     i wish u went to skool for a millisecond!!"
"home for spring break. no one is home tho "
"Home from Franklin street, I almost jumped over a fire. Someone kicked it before I could.  Jenny lost her shoe."
"Home sick. I have a sore throat and fever. "
"home... have a headache. "
"homework homework homework "
"Hope kojima's teaser reveals a new metal gear solid, just hope it's not for PSP, or I'll have to buy one "
"Hoping that just a single #squarespace might get me another iPhone. I need a 3G to test against !! Tired of sacrificing my personal phone "
"horrible headache and i'm sad cause i just took my last pain pill "
"hot - its hot in herrrr. 96 degrees in nashvegas and no pool "
"How can the Teen Choice people possibly put Miley Cyrus and Taylor Swift in the same category.  That's not fair to me. "
"How embarrassing is it to have a Russian newspaper make fun of us for abandoning capitalism in exchange for Obama-flavored fascism?  Wow! "
"http://seattle.craigslist.org/tac/mcy/1205308493.html damn when i find the bike i want in the color i want, i have not the cash "
"http://twitpic.com/2y36e - cant see the flowers falling  i dont have a camera, just my cellphone"
"http://twitpic.com/7gteh - Not wanting to leave Vegas~ "
"Hungover headache today  got paid today = more drinking tonite on the + side I lost 2 more pounds on the diet... Hope today's quiet @ work"
"I am bored "
"I am listing more items on ebay to sell!  Takes forever..meanwhile Coleman is watching The Hills season premier without me.. "
"I am officially banning godaddy.com from my comp. My head hurts from the small print AND I wasted $10 that could've happily gone to Boba "
"i am so upset right now...I'm still at work and about to die of sickness I've got a horrible fever and my ass shouldn't be here!! "
"I am still 98 yrs old on Facebook. How How How?   "
"i am very disappointed at president Obama for not wanting to help Iran.this may be the only chance for iran to have freedom "
"i am very sad xbox live is off line for a day  no COD today"
"I am... So Pissed off @ that game last night!... Damn It LeBron!... "
"I can't believe the cavs ! "
"I can't believe the cavs lost "
"I can't find my Ipod   Just tore the living room apart and never found it."
"i can't get rid of my Facebook account "
"I cant sleep  and i think im getting a fever "
"I dnt think this is a happy birthday fa my baby Melo  lol oh well , I'm ready to see this Lakers/Cavs match-up!!"
"i don't like lukewarm showers "
"i don't see the big deal with this website "
"I don't understand... I really don't "
"I dropped my favorite @Starbucks travel mug and it cracked "
"I eat mcdonalds way too much "
"I feel better after eating but I still don't feel great. I have an awful headache. "
"I feel feverish: sweaty and shivery. fever is a symptom of piggy flu. noooo "
"i feel like a nobody...i don't even have any spam email  no spam, no aim messages, no friends, no comments on site, no facebook stuff. "
"I feel like I've not tweeted for so long, when in reality its been a day. I can't find my ipod "
"I feel like shit. This is NOT the way I want to spend my birthday's eve "
"i feel unloved. dropped 2 tweeters "
"I finally found iPod headphones that are meant for apple. they're madddd loud. 2 days "
"I forgot my iphone at home. I feel naked without it "
"I forgot to mention that last night, I dreamt Oprah sent a photographer to kill Toiletface. And succeeded. I cried so hard in the dream. "
"i got a realy bad headache "
"I got my fone my iPod and my Comp lifes almost good. Theres just one thing mising,My girlfriend  and I wuld trade evrythng to b with her"
"i guess it's over for the cavs..... "
"I haaattte hayfever. Piriton, claritin and antihistamines seem to not make any difference "
"I had a dream Michelle Obama was stalking me. She was trying to pin flower broaches one me "
"I had a horrible nightmare last night which affected my sleep, now I'm really tired "
"I had a huge headache  I wonder why I never  get headaches or get sick often "
"I had to bury my iPod and buy a new one. "
"I hate converting movies just to put em on my itouch "
"I hate having my eyes dialated....I have a headache "
"i hate hayfever! "
"i hate headaches "
"I hate the fact that I'm genuinely excited about my last tweet "
"i hate to see the spartans so sad "
"I hate when I have to call and wake people up "
"I hate when software update downloads updates without telling me. I never know what's downloading when it is "
"i have a headache  it hurts."
"I have a headache "
"I have a headache "
"I have a headache and it won't go away "
"I have a nasty headache. Must be rain heading to Worcester 2night. Could also be because it's my 1st full day back at work since Sunday "
"I have had a 102. Fever all night. "
"I have such a headache "
"i have the biggest headache from playing golf all day "
"i havent had starbucks in almost 6 months. and its makin my tummy hurt "
"I hope Microsoft have fixed #xboxlive #marketplace this morning last night I was having 0 luck with it .. I want to play #samandmax "
"I hope since @oprah is friends with @ev she doesn't make a call to get me destroyed  #herebeforeoprah"
"I just can't spell today, i totally suck "
"i just found my old,  broken, pink ipod nano. poor thing "
"I just got the E 74 error from my Xbox 360"4";"@VegasBill Now that, I'd like to see. "
"I just saw that they found that Tracy girl in a piece of luggage... How fucking terrible "
"I just woke up, thanks to my friend screaming in my house..been in bed w a freakin headache. "
"I keep drinking coffee wishing it was Starbucks "
"I know my life has been flipped upside down when I just thought in my head that some Ramen sounds good. "
"i left my IDs at the location and now i can not go out to bars  FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK"
"i lost my ipod "
"i made mcdonalds lose $1.57 cents today...im gunna get fired "
"I miss him so much  sosososo much. I wanna be in sydney"
"I miss him.  Can't wait to celebrate the Tar Heel win this weekend though!!"
"i miss kenny powers "
"i miss my ex soo much "
"I miss my iPod...life just isn't the same without it "
"i miss my psp "
"i miss my PSP "
"I miss watching Rocko's Modern Life. "
"I miss you twitter. My phone broke, now I'm using a stupid Nokia phone. Ughhh, I miss my advance phone. "
"I need tickets to see Taylor Swift! If only I could live closer to a BIG city! I would have so much more of an opportunity. College=poor "
"I need to go to the bank tomorrow before I go broke... "
"I reaaly miss john mayer's twitters.  fuck rude people. Remove him if you don't like his tweets, bitchfucks."
"i really feel bad bout eating a cheeseburger and a donut for dinner  ugh! i so need to burn this off tomorrow! :| darn McDonalds!!!!"
"i really hate how people diss my bands!  Trace is clearly NOT ugly!"
"i really need a new ipod  i can't fit all my music onto my ipod nano."
"I really need to stop checking my Facebook every 3 seconds hoping there's a message from Kyle "
"I really wanna listen to some taylor swift right now. But all my cds are in my car at my parents house, since i borrowed moms car. "
"I really want an iPhone, but I have to pay a few things off first. Why do I have to be so dang respo nsible?! "
"I scratched my iPod "
"i should be sleeping, i have a stressed out week coming to me. "
"I still can't find my keys. "
"I swear no matter how long I've been getting up at 5am, it never gets any easier. Man my eyes hurts wah "
"I think I have a fever... Boo!  - wanting me some cpk mexican tortilla soup!"
"I think I have a little headache  maybe becuz I have to study History..? :o)"
"I think i officially killed my ipod "
"I think I'm having fever "
"i think im slowwly gettin addicted to facebook  im such a book face !  lol wtf  much ?"
"I think Oprah and an extremely negative show "
"i think to much on the past. i cant change it. i deserved so much more then wat i got. ..but why am i still thinking about him  gah"
"I thought I had a fly on my arm and was ready to go all Obama on the sucker, but then realised it didn't have wings. Twas a spider. Urgh "
"i thought paulo was tomorrow  BUT i did have a grand day in ayr. now i have 3rd degree burns and most likely skin cancer."
"i thought today was gonna be a good one but disaster has struck i've dropped my psp and cracked the screen  gutted."
"I thought you could buy Silent Hill for the PSP on the PS Store? I can't find it anywhere? "
"I updated to OS 3.0 on my iPod Touch. A few apps have stopped working.  http://bit.ly/17nwOf"
"i wanna go taylor swift concert in wembley!!!!! and miley in NEC but i cant afford miley "
"i wanna meet @chrystinasayers sooo bad "
"I wanna move to LA! Or Laguna beach. Or maybe London... but not here, in this small boring country. No celebs ever come here!  uuuuh"
"i wanna see Michael Jackson LIVE! Too bad i dont have enough money to go to England! "
"I want a strawberry milkshake from Mcdonalds, shame i cant get there "
"I want mcdonalds but the stupid lady on the line said their stupid people are busy "
"i want my mom to come home so she can get mcdonalds for me  i am starving"
"I want my xbox back  #codwaw #mp1 #MP2 #xbox #WTF #Need"
"i want short stack to come to england already "
"I want some fries from McDonalds. Im so hungry "
"I want to listen to Taylor Swift's songs so that I can forget my problems.. but our computer is too slow "
"I want to live in London so bad "
"I want to move to London "
"I want to play some xbox but my father is watching Tv and downstairs my brother is playing some crappy game "
"I want to see king blues at the "
"I was hoping my Starbucks would keep me awake to study last night... but Starbucks failed me and I fell asleep.. time to cram "
"I wasn't worried about Xbox Live's downtime today, until I realize I also won't have Netflix on 360. "
"i went to my room 2 hours ago to study for my econ exam tomorrow. but all i ended up doing was watching an epi of oprah and taking a nap. "
"I wish diversity was like one of those musicians with loads of stuff on YouTube, but no  #bgt"
"I WISH I CAN GO ON YOUTUBE!!!! "
"I wish I could censor out all iphone chatter at the moment. It just makes me sad that I don't have one nor can I afford one right now "
"I wish I didn't live so far away from central London "
"I wish i was going to a Taylor Swift concert this summer...Sigh.. "
"I wish I'd studied harder at school, I always wanted to work in the NASA control room   *sighs*"
"I wish taylor swift was coming to glasgow. "
"I wish we had a Starbucks here - I'd KILL for a caramel mochiatta!!! Guess I'll just have to make do with a green tea ...yet again!!  "
"I wished I wouldn't be so tired ... and with headache ... no interest in going drinking or anything  life sucks"
"i work sunday so i gota watch the lakers ownin at work  i wish i could have drank a beer to toast with them"
"I would have bet a hundred bucks it would b Cleveland "
"I'm always in school everytime Tom tweets  @TomFelton Please tweet in the afternoon (in England time) ((((("
"i'm bored dude ¬¬ nobody wants to take me to mcdonalds... "
"I'm clearly a lakers hater... Just FYI "
"i'm crying so much! i can't watch the mcfly videos in Brazil! they're so perfect! i wanted to go back in time! love ya!  i want them! "
"I'm doing my homework. It's gosh darn hard!! "
"I'm feeling very nasaly today "
"I'm getting a headache. "
"I'm having seattle withdrawls "
"I'm not happy that I can't watch communitychannel's videos on my iPod. "
"I'm off too bed. I gotta wake up hella early tomorrow morning. "
"I'm really cold. I don't want to go to sleep yet but there's nothing to do "
"I'm really sad about Farrah  I HATE cancer! I wish we could find something to BEAT that disease!"
"i'm sad because @jacvanek mentioned london.... oh how i miss it "
"I'm sad the Cavs won because that means Josh is going to game 6 Saturday night instead of karaoke with the rest of us! "
"I'm sad! I was planning on seeing Taylor Swift in concert. I went to look up how much the tickets cost and it said 'SOLD OUT'.This stinks "
"I'm seriously upset/sad about my ipod "
"I'm so upset that I missed my chat and quiz online because my free internet has ceased "
"I'm sooo sad!!! they killed off Kutner on House  whyyyyyyyy"
"I'm soooo hungry!!! And all I see is McDonalds.   I guess I'll be having a Two Cheeseburger meal for lunch."
"I'm still waiting for the Oprah touch "
"I'm stuck awake in the middle of the night for the second day in a row. And I felt terrible yesterday. "
"I'm tired. I feel like crap. And the world feels all crummy. Make me happy, USB disco mouse. "
"I'm TORN between a PalmPRE and iPhone 3G S. The keyboard on the Pre is too small for my hands  HELP!!"
"I'm tweetless without miPhone   can't wait for the new one...which is shipping from....china?"
"i'm very poor and can't afford to buy anything  i would like an iphone for the price of free #Squarespace"
"I've had a headache for 2 days and it won't go away "
"I've had a headache for 3 days straight went to the doc and I am dehydrated  drinking lottttts of water now!"
"I've had such bad hayfever these past days "
"I've just noticed that my right eye is majorly swollen, damn hay fever! And just saw the must shocking news on T.V,David Carradine died.  "
"i've only been in sydney for 3 hrs but I miss my friends  especially @ktjade!!!"
"I`m looking for a job as a english/spanish translator in England, Spain or America, but I don`t know where to start looking. "
"If any one comes across my air mattress, camera, or ipod, give me a ring. Son of a bitch "
"ill so i cant go to the cinema!! "
"im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, california"
"im so tired of work...i need a life.... "
"im sooo sad right now  i need a hug"
"im soooooooooooooo booooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrred an i havent even been finished exams for a day  damn you xbox live. damn u to hell"
"im sorry cavs...but its gonna be lakers vs magic  give up now!!"
"in biology class. my lip hurts "
"IN DESPERATE NEED FOR IPHONE MONEY (srsly, me needs a phone that works!  ) AND ITUNES MONEY! :O"
"in english 231 with a sore throat and headache "
"In Mcdonalds....... Wanted To See Star Trek But All Late Times "
"In Seattle Washington....im SOOOOO hungry"
"in seattle...and sick  hate my life right now"
"In Sydney, three hours into my journey. Bored and cheia de saudades. Bah "
"In the airport getting ready to leave vegas "
"In the park during lunch hour, realising that I will have to accept the fact that I now get hayfever "
"iPhone battery died  Learnt from last time and now charging via my MBA rather than my clock radio."
"iphone charger died "
"iPhone isn't giving me a data connection "
"iPhone update 3.0 scheduled cor hume 17th... They have only 12 hours left, I can't download it yet "
"iPhone won't update yet, can't seem to get to the 'activation-server', and the 'More info' button shows a 404.. great "
"iphone, down. don't update to 3.0 yet people. "
"iPhones r so cool but so expensive have tried to convince parentals about buying one but they are like 400 quid so no chance "
"iPod touch = brick.  "
"iPod touch 16GB £209 Bloody hell "
"is  in Sydney on Wednesday for training... not really looking forward to work tommorow "
"is @ maccas using his iPod touch 2 twitted LOL I wanna go home! I jst kno iPods guns run outta battery "
"is at Beso in Hollywood... so tired "
"is at home watching Criminal Minds and then Las Vegas and then.... forced myself to sleep!! "
"is at work and saddened due to Ted Baker London not being able to ship to the continental US  I want the hat!"
"Is feeling alittle better but is in a hayfever craze "
"Is going to Vegas but wanting to go to Seattle "
"is home from Sydney but didn't bring back any doughnuts "
"Is it raining in the north end? Too bad, that has no effect on the record of dry days in a row in SEATTLE. We northenders don't count. "
"Is just at work for the day -sigh- I have a headache "
"is kinda annoyed when people don't reply to me on facebook chat. . . . "
"is leaving Seattle tomorrow morning, and he's not going to lie, he's quite sad.  "
"is missing playing my trumpet "
"is nervous...hubby is off to the cancer clinic this morning  "
"Is never going to eat McDonalds again! They have ruined the humble junior burger with pepper  and now it tastes like crap"
"is off work today with a throbbing headache. My whole head feels like its pulsating "
"IS PHONELESS  ...NOW OFF TOO SLEEP"
"is pissed that england won 4-0 and i didn't get 2 watch it "
"is running a fever after last night, sad face. "
"is sad that taylor swift's personality is a fake...she was my rolemodel "
"Is sat Outside mcdonalds waiting for dale's mum. Its too early "
"is so disappointed with the lakers!!!  must come back on game 5!!!"
"is SO sick of watching him play xbox 360  somebody humor me PLEEEEEEEEEEEASE!!!"
"Is starting to think Obama was all hype    same old politicians"
"is strangely sad about LiLo and SamRo breaking up. "
"is stucked in Paris and can't even travel into France (for work) "
"is suffering very badly with hayfever today "
"Is terrified she accidentally deleted a reference in her management assignment and hopes she doesnt get in trouble when she gets back "
"is up and has a bad headache "
"is upset that i missed the taylor swift special "
"is watching a sobering #Oprah covering staggering new homelessness in Sacramento. wow. "
"is watching Catherine Tate video clips on a Saturday night on Youtube... how sad is that...  http://plurk.com/p/yvm9q"
"is wishing i was going to be in LA w/ da fam for the LAKERS Parade  but I gotta stay on my grind .. operation: get out of san diego!! "
"Is wishing that they would hurry up and cure Hayfever "
"Is wondering why it's always warm when she leaves London in the morning "
"isn't digging xbox live being down "
"isn't ever hungry any more, but gets hunger headaches reminding her to eat. not fair. "
"it so tired that im crying for no reason at all. im about to try to get an hour and a half in for tonight. half what i got last night. "
"It was a sleepless night "
"It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle"
"It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle"
"It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle"
"It's not fair no one I like tours England "
"It's now 13:30 and no iPhone 3.0  Talk about keeping us waiting!! Grrrr....."
"It's only tuesday "
"it's times like this I wish I could put new songs onto my ipod. it's britney spears and lady gaga-less "
"Itchy eyes!! Stupid hayfever "
"its 6am and I have been up since 9am yesterday...this is a serious problem!  Starbucks here I come!"
"Its 7:40 am.. feeding our boy.. Richie has a fever  My Poor love! - Baby"
"ITS NOT ENOUGH TO SAY THAT IMISS U "
"Its over 4 the cavs!!! My last hope down the drain "
"Its raining in Sydney. "
"its so sad about his bro....................... he has cancer  
"ive lost my ipod it seems to have just disappeared, i guess jb wont be singing me to sleep tonight then "
"i miss home made starbucks coffee  i wanna go homee...."
"Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever "
"Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever "
"Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever "
"Jogging, isnt REALLY that cool, especially if you've got a fever "
"JTH and CR dropped from the England team. "
"just deleted all my bastard songs off my Ipod "
"Just doesn't feel right withou my morning starbucks "
"just finished watching the movie Prayers for Bobby. Broke my heart "
"Just found out via Gazelle.com that my old cell phones "
"Just going to cry myself to sleep after watching Marley and Me.  "
"just got back from starbucks "
"Just got done watching the new House episode.Definitely one of the saddest episodes ever. "
"just got home from watching Michigan State get tromped!   "
"Just got home from work a little bit ago! Too busy to twitter, lately.  Work isn't as much fun when everyone's in Vegas but you!"
"just got into manchester, i miss everyone already    i want to move to england."
"Just got my presentation done, 23 slides done...  I'm crying for this week will be the hardest of all weeks."
"Just got off the phone.. my dad called me saying that his prostate cancer might have returned. He goes for tests friday "
"just got the red ring of death on xbox360... second time it's happened well there goes playing ghostbusters "
"Just had a horrible message left on one of my YouTube videos, just when I was starting to feel better "
"Just listening to my ipod the climb. wel it just ran out of batry "
"Just lost $160 "
"just poured a glass of wine.Was waiting for pizza from our old friend in sydney but have just been told it's not happening,I miss mario's "
"Just realised I have @hueyyei 's psp in my bag. Can't play it now though.. "
"Just spent £10 on cards (which I hate buying anyway) then left them in Mcdonalds, when I went back to get them they had gone. Not Happy "
"Just waking up feeling really tired. Does hayfever exist outside the UK or it it a pollution thing in England. Never had it in Cyprus "
"just went through the Microsoft Company Store online to pre-checkout what stuff they have.. no xbox 360 premiums.. elite too costly "
"Just woke up an already have written some e-mail... I've to go early at University today as I have to teach at 8:30 AM! "
"just woke up and have a mean headache "
"Keeping my fingers crossed for my buddy    He is not feeling well."
"Kelly Clarkson CD is already in.  This is going to be a long ride to Scranton with @annibannani2 and @fakealvy. I #blamedrewscancer."
"kinda bummed the RedWings Pre-game show is on and i cant watch Taylor Swift's Dateline show. "
"l want, but I can't sleep "
"laid around too much today... now my head hurts "
"Last @ScrippsPRSSA meeting of the quarter! I'm going to miss the seniors "
"Last day to smoke!   Gotta drug test"0";"Bidding farewell to starbucks staff, Rudy "
"last nite i found out my sis in law has cirvical cancer "
"Late night snack, glass of OJ b/c I'm "
"leaves Las Vegas really soon "
"Leaving for London at 5PM... so many emotions!! I'm gonna miss you Jackie "
"leaving vegas  cant wait to come back"
"Lebron u fucking suck!!!!!! "
"LeBron was tired u can totally tell by that he only got 25 pts., his attitude, he was so TIRED!    :@ :-S  :$  :'("
"Like the tweetdeck for iPhone  - can't sync columns ATM tho "
"Line at McDonalds was too long so I can't get my sausage biscuit on "
"Link: Farrah Fawcett Dies of Cancer at 62  http://tumblr.com/x5h25fy5j"
"Listening to Bjork's All is full of Love... crying "
"listening to harry potter soundtracks  too bad i can't see the movie the 15th of july, i'll be in england by then, back on the 19th. crap!"
"listening to taylor swift, her music makes me sad "
"Lol! watched csi today! it was the one with taylor swift!! but she died.. sad "
"London had to get five shots today I felt terrible were both miserable him from the shots me from my root canal "
"Long night! I feel terrible because I didn't eat before I went to work! Headache, muscle aches, and an all over "
"Looking around on the web for something to entertain me the way Facebook did... alas... nothing. "
"Loss it tough for fans and Lebron, yes indeed  http://tr.im/n9Cr"
"Lost all my Facebook data yesterday   Need to start rebuilding today."
"Lost my free copy of radioactive so can't put it on my ipod grr!And i can't go out + buy 'nother coz it came with that paper "
"LOVES her baby cousin that is losing his LONG LONG battle with brain cancer "
"lying in bed suffering with hayfever and a major case of holiday blues "
"mad because i have to watch Obama give his speech on why GM is now Obama motors while i should be watching the showcase on price is right "
"Mad tired today... Callin it in early tonight  nighty night twittas"
"magic vs lakers... I kno my baby @erik_jamaal is happy, but im so not interested in this match up. idk who I will root 4 "
"Major iPhone problems  Wont let me send texts BUT I can do everything else! Can anyone help "
"Man I so want mcdonalds breakfast.. "
"Man Work is Hard "
"mannn wth, I went to 2 mcdonalds both credit card systems were down! No mcdonalds for me "
"Matt was allowed a McDonalds. I wasnt.  So unfair! All I had was yoghart! "
"Maybe a long shower will make me feel better  Ugh. I fucking hate America's health care system. We need to be like England!"
"Maybe eating McDonalds, downing a sherbet fountain " 
"McDonalds can blow me, overcharging set of wankers that fucked up my order and put on extra things I didn't ask for. "
"Mcdonalds. Quiznos. And Starbucks. I feel fat "
"Mcdonaldss! And i wish i were tough enough to do MMA "
"Meep! @melodicworld is coming and yaaayy  but also quite nervous! :S Argh and my hayfever is properly kicking in and I don't have drugs "
"mhm, not having a good day  blah blah blah"
"Michigan who?  I don't know them.                   *sigh*   Shameful!"
"Missed the Taylor Swift special on NBC cause i was at work "
"missin' the boo "
"Missing My BFF  watching home and away it reminds me of her and me  we "
"Missing Texas hold'em poker play today.... Facebook apps down and unresponsive... "
"monkeys??? i just found out you my twin and you wont even write back.  i'm heartbroken"
"more depressed than you could ever imagine that I won't be going to Vegas.  I hate having to be financially responsible."
"MORNING!!! Good im bloody knackered!!! Work is not for me today  HELPPP!!!! xxx"
"Mr. iPod is sick "
"My #iPhones are named after horses, @brenden Seabiscuit was just retired  for Giacomo."
"My Arm, leg, back and stomach burns just went tan...my forehead burn however, is red and sore and now I have a headache "
"My bathtub drain is fired: it haz 1 job 2 do, "
"My bf thinks I'm weird bc I watch youtube videos of puppies and laughing babies. "
"My brothers-in-law tom and @rnchell spent an hour looking for breakfast in the ghetto  we failed and found an aweful mcdonalds..."
"My carelessness led to wiping out all contacts on my iPhone "
"my dog can't move anymore. praying that he will be okay "
"my dog has cancer. "
"my favorite ipod touch app USA Today crosswords is broken in 3.0 "
"My flip flop just broke...walking in downtown seattle "
"My hard drive left seattle at 9:15.  Where oh where is my hard drive now?  Come here hard drive "
"My head hurts. I had a fever last night. "
"my headache and fever is coming back !  "
"my heart is broken every morning dropping Foo at pre school, now i understand when moms say "
"my internect is not working fine, how do i tweet to win #squarespace iphone "
"my iPhone i dead "
"My iPhone is at home!  ... I am still at work. "
"My iphone is dead  not johnson"
"My iPod touch is broken  the on/off button doesn't work!"
"My little man has the fever virus   "
"my little pinky finger hurts so much.. "
"My luggage weighed 49.5 lbs. Nice. Off to Colorado for a week.. Then to Seattle for a few months! Gonna miss my Daddy "
"My mind and body are severely protesting this "
"My mom might have breast cancer won't find out anything for. Like a week I'm so worried! "
"My ninong Mike died yesterday..  Please pray for him. Everyone's sad about that. Facebook stats.. "
"my sister told me that i'm don't have any fever, maybe i'm just not feeling well.. "
"My soarthroats and coughs have been joined by fellow fever and flue. It's like a gathering of illnesses!... Did I get struck by the H1N1? "
"My sticker is about to fall off.  my Breast Cancer sticker I got from Danny's party - I stuck it on my phone. "
"My suitcase has been with me to england, greece, italy, france, china, philippines and more, this may be its last trip "
"my throat is raw. "
"MY TWEETS ARENT GOING THROUGH "
"My wife took my last ?20, no McDonalds breakfast for me today "
"My xbox just died "
"NASA launch scrubbed again due to hydrogen leak at the same place "
"Nasty budget due and my iphone is being sent to Apple today. "
"NEED Starbucks.....oh yeah, we don't have one!!!  "
"need to sleep. but cant "
"Needs a starbucks "
"never did my math hw or studied for anything else. oops. now i have to put all my songs on my ipod cause they got deleted  then bed"
"New iPhone 3G S still hasn't activated.  It's been almost 48 hours. "
"No C"
"No iPhone updates for me   Multiple attempts but activation server is a no go."
"No ipod today. Ughh "
"No launch. NASA sucks. Share the pain with at @Schingler @bethbeck @toddicus "
"No Lebron Kobe finals like we hoped for grrrr!! "
"no more lebron/kobe commercials? "
"No more orange drink at Mcdonalds  http://tinyurl.com/l2m3hb"
"nooo, just measured my temperature, I do have a fever  gah this sucks, i cant get sick NOW! :/"
"Noooooooo!!! There are clips missing on youtube "
"nooooooooooo dad smashed my taylor swift cd  too bad. he'll have to order it again from the US"
"Not feeling well and back hurts "
"Not happy about England being knocked out of t20 "
"not happy! In london and its chucking it down! "
"Not hayfever. Got a cold  Why now? Was looking forward to the weekend. Trying to ignore it, maybe it'll go away?"
"Not so good of a morning   The lakers lost"
"Now on park and ride bus back to my car but haven't got my Ipod today "
"Now the lead is 16. 4th quarter bout to start. And nother freaking kobe vs lebron commercial.  dnt seem like that's gnna happen. "
"O and i cant believe the freakin cavaliers lost man lebron u broke my heart "
"o no... my iPod is frozen... omg what shud i do???!!! I CANT LIVE WITHOUT MY MUSIC!!!   X("
"obama dildo is just wrong on so many levels http://tinyurl.com/cuggsh head of state "
"obama, why are images of rape at abu ghraib "
"off to work in a bit, but I'm really tired and I got hayfever "
"Oh - Just got all my MacHeist 3.0 apps - sweet. Didn't get the Espresso serial no though although they said they sent it - oh well "
"Oh Darn! the 1st game I downloaded for the PSP didn't, I had to DOWNLOAD AGAIN! "
"oh man my team is suffering. I dont wanna jump shit. But it maybe time! Shaq is now on the Cavs, no more Nash Shaq team up on 2k9 for me! "
"Oh man...was ironing @jeancjumbe's fave top to wear to a meeting. Burnt it "
"Oh my god, I REALLY want to go to Bondi Beach in Sydney. I'm so jealous of you people in Australia! "
"oh my gooooooodness!!!! the cavs down 3-1!! "
"Oh No - the Cavs lost game 4  Cavs are 1 loss away from triggering a nuclear event that would make the hadron look like tiddlywinks ,,"
"Oh nooo Demi in Seattle two days after we leave "
"Oh oh, Hayfever attack coming on. "
"Oh starbucks, I wanted a mocha and you made me a white mocha. "
"oh... burning up. this is not good. fever "
"OHHHHHHH... Headache... one of the beers yesterday was bad   Next mission: kitchen for coffee and breakfast."
"ok I'm sick and spent an hour sitting in the shower cause I was too sick to stand and held back the puke like a champ. BED now "
"Ok...I had 2 come bac early from golf coz of hayfever  Anyway I was back at 4pm"0";" I wanted the cavs to win it all! Defense wins the game Cavs.... I don't like loosing and I know this is alot of pressure on Bron."
"Okay all alone again here at Mcdonalds and hearing all types of creepy noises! "
"okay"4";"Moments away of ending our 14 year wait to go back to the finals. Sorry Lebron had his chance last year. Our turn now "
"omF'g hayfever SUUUUCKS!!! My eyes are burnin...ouch "
"OMG its too HOT in  Vegas this shld be a crime "
"OMG my headache killing me "
"OMG!! I am SOOO sleepy driving 2 my clinical externship site  StarBucks...here she comes!!"
"OMG. I hate missing dr. Oz on Oprah. "
"omg. my mouth is in so much pain  i just wanna sleep untill its time to take my braces off."
"omg... "
"omg..its jst teusday "
"on my psp, it has skype! no mic though "
"On my way to shoot an interview with a NASA Astronaut, XHA1, no Letus, No HD  bah!"
"on the way to work. momma bear just left back for seattle  annnd studio after work to make more hits. oh the life."
"One more air crash  , Air France aircraft from Brazil to Paris was lost in mid Atlantic "
"only 3 weeks left in london "
"only bad thing is that I woke up with the worst hayfever that I think exists "
"Ooh hayfever has struck..thought I was going to avoid it this year but nooo!  Remedies anyone...?"
"Ooh snap Vegas, the real City-City @babyscratch that's where I need to be. Your in Paradise Mamma WTF am I doing in Rotterdam "
"oook so it might be a few days before i play on my xbox cuz I guess I broke my controller when I dropped it the other day...now im sad "
"Oops my iPhone said it lost connection.  Didn't mean to duplicate "
"ouchyyy booo  headache! going to beed right now. even when its 7:42 oouuuch"
"Places I want to go include Texas, New York, New Jersey, Seattle and LA. Can't they just give me the life I'd love. "
"Playing Call of Duty:World at War on single player because XBOX Live is down. "
"PLEASE does anyone have youtube links to the mtv backstage stuff, the flash upgrade nearly killed my computer   HELP!!!"
"please pray for halley. she is gonna have guinea pig cancer "
"Plurking on the PSP sucks.  It looks just like Twitter.  http://plurk.com/p/xn7cl"
"Poor cameron (the hills) "
"poor cavs  i guess theres not gonna be a 23 vs. 24"
"Poor Joshy is sick???   those damn tejanos!"
"pouring with rain in Sydney "
"Pretty sure I got shorted on my drink size at mcdonalds, and I didn't get a glass.  off to the theatre soon."
"promotion was pretty boring. im gonna miss some people.. im so fuckin sick.my head hurts and i gt a fever "
"PSP Go... slightly disappointing! "
"PSP-3000 is hacked. I always wonder why the fuck I sold mine. Oh I know. Because it was white and I thought that it was ugly for a PSP "
"PSP. I miss playing "
"Put vacation photos online a few yrs ago. PC crashed, and now I forget the name of the site. "
"R.I.P to lebron/kobe puppet commercials... "
"R.I.P to lebron/kobe puppet commercials... "
"ready for nice weather, day drinking "
"really don't feel like getting up today... but got to study to for tomorrows practical exam... "
"Really thinks that American guys are hot so why am I in England "
"relay for life cancer walk today, what a great cause. well, of course it was followed by some small-town drama- not cool "
"remember that badass lady who treated herself for breast cancer at the South Pole? she passed away  http://tinyurl.com/lfttsc"
"Replacing coffee with chocolate milk? No wonder morning headache still on "
"right about now i wish the psp had 2 shoulder buttons "
"RIP Lebron vs. Kobe puppet commercials...you're forever in my heart  *one lonely tear*"
"rt @NASA: NASA managers have decided to postpone the launch of space shuttle Endeavour due to the hydrogen leak.  // Again "
"Sad about Kutner being killed off my fav show House! "
"sad day: manu out for the season "
"Sad story this one  http://bit.ly/7GU8A U hav to wonder if Obama's pro-choice stance is a genuine threat to his life."
"sad that the 'feet' of my macbook just fell off : sad that the 'feet' of my macbook just fell off "
"sad the jonas brothers youtube account Suspended!   8("
"Sad to see the Kobe/Lebron puppets go... "
"sadly is going to bed. "
"Sadly though, I've never gotten to experience the post coitus cigarette before, and now I never will. "
"Sadly, Obama is the later "
"sat in bed, McFly songs still on, and playing on PSP "
"says gugugud evening. inis, nwawala charger ko ng PSP.  urgh. http://plurk.com/p/11vcij"
"says Paul Quarrington ( http://tinyurl.com/otgddd ) has just been diagnosed with lung cancer  http://plurk.com/p/xyjgf"
"Seating here helping my baby with his papers...well he is forcing me too seat with him  im sleepy"
"seattle weather i just don't get you "
"Seems jRuby support for hpricot is now two versions behind "
"Selena made me want to go to starbucks "
"Shame Ubisoft won't be showing Beyond Good "
"Shiner is taking up all my bed and blankets! "
"Shiny new white 32Gb iPhone 3G S unboxing will need to take place later due to other priorities "
"SHOOTING OUTSIDE MY HOUSE :O NOT KIDDING! So SCARED "
"Should really stop bricking his iPhone. OS 3 jailbreak seems to need restored regularly if Cydia crashes during an update. Annoying! "
"should've been asleep two hours ago "
"sick! fever-ish, flu-ish, headache-ish "
"sigh now to leave early to go to a wake... partner's aunt passed from same cancer I had... so sad.  why some beat it, and some don't? "
"Sigh..... Goodbye Cavs.  magic, please beat kobe."
"sisters left to england  so I'm taking her room, haha. Major cleaning to be done. Especially the bathroom."
"Sitting at McDonalds while JC "
"Sitting in starbucks wishing i had internet  stupid fredonia"
"Sleep time.  Tomorrow is gonna suck "
"Slow, unproductive day at work today. I guess I'll just try out Marvel Ultimate Alliance on PSP. "
"Smugness gone. My train also failed to turn up so I'm heading for Victoria followed by an unpleasant tube ride to the City. "
"So ... no Lebron and Kobe matchup this year "
"so a murder? gotcha.  Cant believe it"
"so disappointed in the game ~ I thought this was Lebron's year!!!    the playoffs won't be the same for me!"
"So dissapointed Taylor Swift doesnt have a Twitter "
"so glad it isn"4";"At starbucks with my new sister  learning her new phone."
"So hungry   I wanna eat mcdonalds "
"So many channels.... yet so so boring... lazy day again  may have to find a hobby"
"So sad about that Air France jetliner crash!  I wonder if anyone will survive to tell their tale to Oprah "
"so sad my bb is dead  I want it to live again.. Vegas anyone?"
"So sad. It was right after I used to live in Northest Brazil. Luto. "
"So tired from my cancer walk  ready for bed!"
"some1 hacked my account on aim  now i have to make a new one"
"Someones alarm clock or a phone woke me up at 3am...Still got my headache from yesterday night "
"soo sadd  damn cavss!!"
"soooo tired "
"sorry about lack of tweets i have hayfever and it sucks "
"sorry. something's getting my facebook stuff and tweeting it. "
"Southend Tommorow Supporting People At The Race For Life Marathon. My Cousin "
"Splitting headache. Seriously. It feels like the left side of my head is going to fall off. (At this point, I kind-of wish it would.)   "
"spring break in plain city... it's snowing "
"Starbucks then schooll (: last Monday of middle school! "
"Starbucks: latte. Then back to bed.  saddddddd weeek so far."
"Starting my 2nd shift! Im going to miss like an hour of the lakers game! "
"Still 3 more days until my Internet gets uncapped "
"Still doing my homework!!! "
"still has a killer headache. I thought it would be gone by now. "
"still hav d headache though "
"Still mulling over the #lionhead demo from #xboxe3, smells like skynet “
"Still on youtube and board "
"still sick. feeling a bit better, got some new medicine.... hope I feel good after a night of sleep. ohh, and it's suppose to snow! WTF! "
"still trying for that iphone from #squarespace... forgot about it over the weekend "
"Stressed.... Headache..... Stressed "
"Strider is a sick little puppy  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5248435"
"Struggling hard with Inventory "
"struggling with eam law "
"stuck at home "
"Studying history in Starbucks  So cold and nervous."
"stupid arranged marriages... i'll convert so you can marry me...love you! "
"stupid movies we watched... mirrors ugggggh... stooopeeed!!! rip off! "
"Su yin Huen tweeted I feel unbearable guilt. I made my staff cry  http://tinyurl.com/cw2l9t"
"Sucks to be me having exactly 0GB left on my iphone. I want new apps!  time to live through Abbie, then, I guess"
"suddenly realized i do not know where my taylor swift love bracelet is and am very sad about it        where oh where could it be...."
"Superneej: Morning! Bah Car won't start.. waiting for the ANWB.... "
"Sure wish my facebook wasn't suspended "
"Taking care of my lil boy who is sick with a fever "
"taylor swift..... where are you. i have been looking on ticket master everyday for your concerts.. but your like enver comign to toronto! "
"teary-eyed, hoping my cousin will find the strength to stay alive from cancer.. "
"Tennis time   Helloooo skin cancer."
"Terrible news: Air France flight from Brazil with 228 people has been lost at sea: http://tr.im/AFcrash I took that flight 3 years ago "
"TGIF! it's been a long long first week back at work. Wish I were on line for the new iPhone  #squarespace #unc.. http://tinyurl.com/muu2rr"
"thanks fanny for your updates haha i should be in bed asleep but have been distracted by facebook/twitter yet again "
"Thanks for bursting my bubble "
"The cavs lost   i am devastated! farmgirl@"
"the fucking mcdonalds lady made my drink wrong. ugh now to suffer without coffee. "
"The iPhone 3GS does not successfully repel fingerprints or smudges. I should have gotten a guard. "
"The Magics are not having it...gosh Lebron! "
"The McDonalds drivethrough kid REALLY wants to be hardcore. How unfortunate. "
"The new PSP looks crap!  Such a disappointment after the conceot pics that were floating around "
"the news SHOULD have been that Shaq "
"The people here in Argentina say Obama will be the next JFK....  it is very bad but is the sad truth...."
"The PSP lineup for '09 is looking pretty solid, i might have to pick one up... But the Go is too far away "
"the sky is green, raining hard, and lightening flashing every 3 seconds.  I wanna be back in Seattle where rain is not life threatening "
"The Super Red Diva !!!  Stupid University "
"there was a guy who was coming to orange from sydney. stopped in penrith andd got hit by a fucking car. "
"There's an inch of snow on the ground (and counting). I'm worried about the poor flowers "
"There's no Lebron on tonight.  What the hell am I supposed to do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! "
"they killed off a character on one of my favorite shows and now i'm upset "
"Think I figured out my Xbox Live auto sign-in problem...but Live is down so I can't test it   Don't really want to broadcast my SSID tho."
"Think I'm going to bed. Goodniight. I hate this "
"Think I've got hayfever "
"thinks: ceiling lights + ceiling fan = bad = flickering shadows = headache "
"this army called pollen is trying to kill me  my hayfever is sooooo bad helppppp! lol"
"this ipod shuffle is not very shuffley "
"this is now two in the row - burnt starbucks coffeee   #burntcoffee"
"This is wario, I wish there is wario land game in PSP  , I miss this game, last time I played it was wi... - Photo: http://bkite.com/06H8T"
"this week is not going as i had hoped "
"Tired at work with headache  7 more hours to go...oh and getting up at 530 am tommorrow...good times"
"today sucked. I'm gonna die without chris and callum!  wahhh!"
"Tomorrow is celebrity day. I was going to be taylor swift. A dress and cowboy boots. But i have a field trip "
"Tonight  bron bron could go home  im of course praying for the miricle...Cavs plz step up and help lebron play!!!"
"Tons of problems downloading os 3.0  had to restore iphone hopefully i didnt loose anything."
"Too many people at the starbucks drive thru!!!!!!!!!!! Ahhhhhh! I guess coffee from the grungy old office coffee pot it is "
"Too worked up and excited. Must focus on a theoretical proposal on a stem-cell based pancreatic cancer therapy. Pancreatic cancer sucks "
"Took pics of my car for sale, starbucks and gonna go see up ..all alone because everybody is 9-5 "
"tried to upload 130 pics thru iPhone flickit app. Epic fail... "
"Trimmed the fat on Safari Sketch . . . runs on the iPhone . . . slowly  . . . time to optimize draw calls."
"trying to accept the fact that I cannot walk the Weekend To End Breast Cancer this year   This is a hard reality for me..."
"Trying to download iPhone 3.0 but it ain't happening!! "
"trying to get my iPod to work "
"Trying to set up Xbox Live and failing tremendously...brain ache "
"Tula's sick! Nausious, Nasal congestion, headache, bodyaches and my nose is running a marathon. Theraflu please help "
"Twitter sucks, I'm only on here to follow Ellen, Oprah and Shane  so I dont follow me because i'm never on here"
"Ugh i remember why i never eat mcdonalds anymore... Because cancer tastes horrible! "
"ugh just had mcdonalds..yuck! need to work out! now likin the miserable rain outside   boo hoo."
"ugh ran to mcdonalds.. so hungry. no time to eat "
"ugh! I feel like a train wreck..I swear I didn't do an all nighter... but i do feel like I did. Starbucks here I come. "
"Ugh.  Las #vegas airport is at a "
"ugh. cant sleep. its 1:30am. "
"ughhhhhhh YouTube "
"uh oh, Dr. Phil just made me cry and it looks like Oprah is going to do the same "
"Uhmmm #squarespace I need an iPhone please "
"Up early. Sad about lebron "
"Up for DMB, dr., then slept all day. Have a fever, no big deal, but Dad couldn't come down tonight.  Here's hoping for next weekend!"
"Up holding Rae. She just threw up all over me "
"Urgh damn hayfever  my eyes are soooo itchy.  *rubs eye madly*"
"us govt secrets - obama's non-transparency - eff drop charges   -national security excuse - http://www.eff.org/press/archives/2009/06/17"
"Vegas at 8:00am! A little bummed gonna miss bobo "
"Very sad about Farrah Fawcett  People shouldn't have to die from cancer anymore, let's please find a cure!! :-/"
"very sad after cavs loss "
"Very upsetting day today...... Found out my Boxer has cancer    I wish dogs could live as long as humans"
"waaa disconnected ako sa gmail. dad's chatting with me pa naman. nasa canada kasi siya ngayon.  http://plurk.com/p/xbwaf"
"Wait should I eat?? Or be skinny for vegas!! I'm hungry! "
"Waiting at the airport for my ride while I get harassed by 2 men trying to sell me ugly hats.. Why me?!  I just want to sleep.."
"Waiting for him. Hopefully he gets on facebook soon. Something is wrong though, some people can't write on my wall. Hope it's fixed soon. "
"waiting for taylor swift to follow me so i could message her...wish she would but im sure she wont  i want to talk to her soooooo bad"
"Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p"
"Want to apologize to Facebook friends who don't want Tiller coverage. Can't seem to break the TwitSync function. Sorry. "
"wants an Xbox 360.  http://plurk.com/p/yzkzb"
"Wants to be at home. I am hot, bad headache and still have to get my shots "
"wants to go back to Texas.  They don't have hot and spicy chicken sandwiches or styrofoam cups at McDonalds here!  "
"Was gonna play Guitar Hero with Prince Charming on Xbox Live, but buttface dad said 'no'. "
"Was intending to finish editing my 536-page novel manuscript tonight, but that will probably not happen. And only 12 pages are left "
"Was Lovely This Morning Now It Looks Misserble  This Stuiped Weather Lol Wants A StarBucks Hot Choclate (Y)"
"Watchin the poor cavs "
"watching all kinds of highlights of Lakers celebrating... blegh! "
"watching grey's anatomy makes me cry because i miss seattle "
"watching old videos of dance team and such... makes me miss it  "
"watching Taylor Swift videos from YouTube on my phone.. ain't got shit to do "
"Watching the Cavs game, I was looking for a game 7, but I guess not "
"watching the cavs get their butts kicked by orlando "
"Watching the game on YouTube.  they need to come out with their DVD series already. Fuckin havin to wait for this shit to load lol"
"watching uruguay-brazil.. we need a miracle... "
"way sunburned, if i ever get skin cancer i will credit pool volleyball "
"Weather in North London is struggling to make its mind up"0";"cavs lost   But we will come back!!!"
"wednesday my b-day! don't know what 2 do!! "
"Wee man is away to Englandshire with Gran and Grandad. That'll be me lost for the rest of the week. "
"well the pc in my living room suffered a fatal partion lost, all my itunes library is gone.. and some docs with pics.... "
"Well there goes my hope of seeing a lebron-kobe faceoff in the finals... Good riddance "
"Well, that sucked. "
"Welll tommorow saying goodbye to Thompspon  RIP"
"Went out for just one hour in the sun yesterday..got sever headache the whole day "
"What tragedy and disaster in the news this week "
"What.. AM I DOING!?  Well.. I am currently upset that Xbox Live is down "
"what's wrong with LeBron James? "
"Whats the weather doing in Wimbledon (London)? I see there is tennis action at 3.30 on BBC2 Don't say it's raining there too "
"Whelp! So long Cavs "
"When ever I wear a headband I end up with a headache "
"When i get too hott i get a headache, being allergic to heat sucks. No tanning for amanda anymore "
"where the hell is my damn picture messaging for my Iphone?! "
"Where's DotP for the PS3?  I can't afford an XBOX360 "
"Who invented hayfever? "
"Why do I have to be at work on what is probably going to be the nicest day of the year in Seattle "
"why do i wake up at 7 oclock in vegas? also, details of the middle of my day are missing "
"Why do my @replies show up Facebook? Also, why has my evernote crashed "
"Why does it ALWAYS rain in England even when its supposed to be Summer? "
"why is it always the fat ones?! "
"Why is my PSP always dead when I want to use it? "
"why is Project Gotham Racing for XBOX only "
"Why is that when you have time off from work you get sick? "
"Why oh why do I watch Oprah? Every time I do I cry. OMG these great dads are...great! This will be another tough weekend for us  #fb"
"Why oh why was the Red Sox game rained out? I was so looking forward to opening day "
"why this headache still here??? "
"whywhywhy do Rookie Of The Year not come to England  someone send them lots of money so I can see them..."
"Wishes his xbox gets error 74 nd then he can send his xbox to germany to get it fixed for free rather than 2 red lighting all the time "
"Wishes I was on the Spring Fling Tour with Dawn "
"Wishing i had gotten off my butt to try to see Obama today...Draggin` @ work...I didnt have pancakes "
"wishing i was home underneath my covers "
"Wishing the Cavs were in the NBA Finals...we just can't let it go "
"Wishs Xbox Live Whould Work "
"With the way this damn game is going, we just might see LeBron in a Knicks Jersey next year "
"woke up with headache, going to sleep with headache. "
"wondering where iPod cable has vanished to...Wanted to add music but stymied. Bother. It has a safe place, "
"Work laptop is officially dead .. Not happy at all.. "
"worked on 5 bone marrow cases today! All + for cancer! "
"Working AGAIN today!  I haven't had a day off in over a week...I'm so sick of starbucks"
"Worried about my friends who had a break-in-- 2 laptops stolen, nothing else. iPod Nano was left on the dining table. Data backed up, but "
"worried about my kitty Ashes, think he has a fever  keeps sneezing and he feels hott..."
"worst $3.75 spent . the put no love into my frappuchino  ! lol ftw your not suppose to make extra stops on my trip to starbucks."
"Wow, PSP Go revealed in Qore. Not too impressed. "
"wow, wife's weds surgery w/complications.  grandpa passed away today.  now 5yr old is running fever. can I get a do-over for this week? "
"Wow. The most depressing thing in the world is losing a video that you've created in a matter of seconds.  #FML"
"wow. worst headache in months. someone make it stop. "
"wow... all i wanted to do is see taylor swift but of course shes sold out! "
"Wrote exactly three lines of dialogue tonight, then gave up. "
"WTF Not Kutner!  Oh I'm so pissed @ House.  I mean really WTF   "
"www.ink-guard.com @songzyuuup crying over the cavs loss  and drawing up my next tattoo....: @.. http://bit.ly/u6brY"
"Xbox 360 RROD'd - again!  Two times already, damn you Micro$oft.  "
"xbox live is down  no netflix, damn you MS"
"Xbox live is down "
"Xbox Live is down for 24 hours.. lame. "
"XBOX Live is down today  No Weeds Season five from Netflix"
"Xbox live is down today.  "
"xbox live is Down? "
"XBox Live still down "
"Xbox Live will be down in about 1 hour... sadface  lol"
"xboxmafiya its cool, I let my hopes get 2 high thinkin he was gunna make it to my graduation  so im kinda bummed."
"xboxtweet not working again "
"Y is kearth 101 riddled with cancer commercials? Kinda depressing "
"yea it is so quiet around here cuz everyone has to work im bored to death with nobody to talk to "
"Yesterday i was told @cesarmillan was fulla shit.. Even @OPrah is suing.. I just cant bring myself to believe yet..  "
"yo f*ck this game! CAVS done pissed me off for the night. finna write some music and go get intoxicated at the club "
"You are what you eat, and it's been years since I've been McDonalds...huge headache this am "
"You belong with me. - taylor swift. So true...  "
"You can call me a HATER but..... The CAVS SUCK! "
"Youtube is being as sporadic as twitter right about now. "
”@RubyRose1 awww wish i could go! but its in sydney "
”laying in bed with no voice.. "
0";"@mglickman that reminds me of a bit howard stern did back in the day about oprah eating a lot.  i wish i could find it on the net. "